In London City, where I did dwell, lived a butcher's boy that I loved so well, he courted me.
will not stay there is a house in london town where my true love goes and he there sits down he takes a strange girl on his knee and he tells to her what he won't tell me oh mother mother
I'll tell you why It's because she has more gold than I But her gold will melt and her silver flies And she will be as poor as I
Her father come home from the far off town, saying, where, oh, where is my daughter gone?
Saying, where, oh, where is my pride and joy?
Oh, has she gone?
with a butcher's voice.
He went upstairs, the door he broke, and found her hanging by a rope.
He took a knife and cut her down, and on her bosom, seed lines he found.
Go dig my grave,
Both wide and deep Place a marble stone At my head and feet And on my breast Place a turtledove
to show to the world that I died for love.
Must I go bound while he goes free?
Must I love a man who don't love me?
Oh, I have played a maiden's part and died for the man
Who broke my heart